As Lauren Sánchez and Jeff Bezos descend 500 feet to the base of the 10,000-year clock for an interview with Vogue’s editor Chloe Malle (whose previous piece was titled “26 Easter Decorating Ideas, from Baskets to Bunnies”), I ask my sister, “Would you feel safer if I locked our medicine cabinet?” And as Sánchez adorns a Dolce & Gabbana dress, Paris Texas shoes, and Chanel earrings, and sips Milagro from a sparkling salt-rimmed glass resembling the Blue Origin rocket capsule, my sister lays her eggshell body on the rickety train tracks just a stone’s throw from our house. And as Bezos takes his black coffee in a $99 self-warming Ember mug and Sánchez uses the mug he got her on Amazon with “Woke up sexy as hell again,” splashed across the side, I wake to find my sister hyperventilating in the kitchen, dead grass and clumps of dirt still in her hair. And as Chloe writes “The vibe was Oppenheimer meets Amangiri,” there is blood on the hospital bathroom floors, and I am told, “So sorry sir, someone spilled Code Red Mountain Dew.” I go back there to breathe, but it still looks like blood. And as Bezos tells Chloe what it feels like moments before Blue Origin launches him into space, the nurse circles “10-Hurts Worst” in blue Expo below “Extending the Healing Ministry of Christ.” And as Bezos is strapped in that rocket capsule, my sister is a trembling 120lb child with a hole in her shoe. And as the roar of a terrible machine begins and Sánchez dabs a tear before it falls on her silver feather necklace engraved with the words “Gradatim Ferociter,” my sister feels the gravel on the tracks rustle beneath her fingertips. And as that subterranean machine of grinding steel teeth and ferric spirals counts time in groans of cool metal, I think about my sister running those same fingers through Paddy’s fur, telling me he’s soft but he makes her think of hip dysplasia and a cage. And as Sánchez, Bezos, and Chloe manually wind the clock’s titanium turnstile, I imagine the sound of a gearwheel as it tears against the grain of a girl’s skeleton and muscle tissue. And as gears whir to life like rattling bones coming together, gear by gear, bone by bone, I think about how thin her elbows look when the doctor asks, “Do you have any allergies? How long did you lay on the tracks before coming home? Did the train ever come?” And as Bezos says, “All the future is built right here, in this moment,” my mom says, “I would have called him, I mean she by her pronouns if I had known it was this important.” And as the 10,000-pound bronze-cased concrete pendulum swings, I’m back home watching the ceramic plates in my sink shudder as the train horn tolls.