My father’s shirts always had chest pockets. Inside, he’d keep a lighter, a pack of Marlboro Reds, and occasionally a stubby carpenter pencil poorly sharpened by a dull Milwaukee razor blade.  For Valentine’s Day, or Christmas, or his birthday, my mother would buy him a pack or a carton, depending on how lean our finances were at the time.

He was always a Marlboro man. In that, I mean he always smoked Marlboro’s, but also that he embodied the Marlboro cowboy iconography. Rugged and dangerous. Mysterious. The kind of man to come home from work with his artery severed, arm chicken winged in a tourniquet—true story. <!--more-->

Let’s see, what else? When I was about ten, I recall a bee sting being treated by my mother’s friend Dawn, who broke a cigarette in two and made a salve from the tobacco. Did it work? Who knows. 

At thirteen, Steven, a boy who bullied me, but I looked up to, whose grandfather adopted him and then passed away to cancer, gave me a cigarette on the sidewalk at about two in the morning. It was cold. January or February. He lit it for me. It burned my throat, and so I gave it back. He was always offering me Grizzly Wintergreen dip, which, for some reason, frightened me more than a cigarette—it still does. I felt proud to smoke the cigarette. Something I couldn’t seem to bring myself to do with the dip. 

The next cigarette I had was at eighteen years old. Warren and I had both turned eighteen, so we decided to go camping and bring a bag of American Spirit rolling tobacco, cigarette paper, and a plastic cigarette roller. We also brought his father’s rifle and two cans of chili. The plan was that we would kill and eat an animal, something I had never done, nor, I believe, had Warren ever done. The cans of chili were there as an incentive to succeed. We intentionally brought the blandest cans of chili we could. We found one single creature over those two days. A bunny that scurried off before we even realized we’d seen it. We heated the cans of chili over the fire. I had watched YouTube videos of cleaning squirrels before the trip, truly convinced I’d be eating my first squirrel. We found a quarry lake by the campsite, which required a leap of nearly twenty feet off a cliff to enter. We stripped to our boxers and jumped. Across the two days, we smoked nearly twenty hand-rolled filterless cigarettes a piece. I was sick for a week.

My first tattoo was a pack of Marlboro cigarettes across my thigh.

In the last year, I’ve smoked Camel Crushes, Newport Smooth Selects, Newport Box, Newport menthol Golds, Marlboro Nexts (I found a full pack on the ground the second I arrived in the NYC airport, as if sent from God himself), Marlboro Reds, Marlboro Golds, American Spirits, and, oddest of all, Parliaments. Six months ago, if the doctor asked me if I smoked cigarettes, I’d say, on a rare occasion, only when drinking. I just saw my primary care physician today, and said yes without hesitation when she asked. 

It’s a strange thing. I don’t feel addicted to cigarettes. I never smoke them at home. I never smoke them alone. I never buy them unless I’m going to hang with friends who smoke, or going to play a show at some shitty dive bar. I think my adhd makes it hard for me to connect cigarette urges to cigarettes. What I mean is that I will feel like shit for a few days after smoking a handful of cigarettes while out for the night. But the next day, it will never dawn on me that I would feel better if I had a cigarette, which I’m sure is the case. My body keeps trying to convince me to smoke again by giving me a headache or making me feel anxious. But I’m just too stupid for it. I’m like, “I haven’t had enough salt today,” and I forget that cigarettes exist until Saturday comes around again.

In the new year, I plan to smoke fewer cigarettes. I wish I did not find them so compelling. I was on the porch with a good friend, and I wanted a cigarette. She gave me a lollipop. It was almost enough. But it was not warm. And it did not have a satisfying conclusion. It did not ignite when I breathed. It did not remind me of my father’s smell. 

-T